The campus stretches between Royal Parade and Swanston Street, so if you have arrived on the tram on the Royal Parade side, get off when you see the Kenneth Myer Centre on your right. You'll see the café at the front of the building. There's a path that runs on the left of the building. That leads to an intersection, and if you veer left, there's then a door on your right to the very modern Arts West building. Once you are through the door you can go downstairs (toilets etc) or up and through more glass doors to yet another (tiny) café on your right, and straight ahead across the path is the Old Arts building. That houses the Graduate School of Humanities and Social Sciences, and besides lecture theatres and teaching spaces, there are some administration counters where students can get advice about enrolment or fees. If you head straight through that building, come out the other side and head left, you’ll see the arches of the Old Quad on your right. Go through that to the other side, then outside, veer right and down the steps, then left onto an internal road called Monash Road. That takes you between buildings (Maths, and I think Optometry) on your right, near Swanston Street) To the right of the Arts West and down the path and then on your right again is the Baillieu Library, which is just past the university bookshop. If you take the steps to your left instead of going into the library, that will take you up to a wide, grassy lawn. There are seats under trees to your left. If you head along the path, on your right you'll see another path that runs in front of other buildings (mostly sciences and engineering buildings) that leads to Gratton Street. If you go left instead, just behind the Old Arts, you’ll see the Old Quad, like the Old Arts, made of heavy, grey stone and in a traditional Oxford/Cambridge style of architecture. Beyond that is the Student Services building where there are some shops, notice boards for buying/selling books etc.  and there is a student advice counter. If you don't go right after the Arts West, head left, then past another building, you'll see the Linguistics and Languages building. It's older, yellow brick, and it's built side-on. If you carry on following round the path to your right on Tin Alley, then right again, you will end up again at the Student Centre. Tin Alley leads on to Swanston Street. 