The Parkville Campus main entrance is along Grattan Street and you will see the entrance which is across the road of  a concrete lawn with two lift with Melbourne University banners on it. If you walk into the entrance, you will see a building will the Welcome banner with it and if you continue walking straight up the stairs, you will see the university lawn.  On the lawn, the Old Quad which is just straight up while the Bailieu Library and Co-Op bookshop will be on the left hand side of the lawn (where there is a path that leads to it). If you go into the Old Quad, you will reach a square courtyard and at the back of the courtyard. You can either turn left to go to the Arts Faculty Building, or turn right into the John Medley Building and Wilson Hall. Raymond Priestly Building is the open aired ground area which is in front of Wilson Hall that is adjacent to it. Towards North, which is when you turn left when exiting the Old Quad, you will see Union House where there are shops selling foods. If you continue walk along the road on the right side where you're facing Union House, you can see see the Beurepaire and Swimming Pool. There will also be a sport tracks and university oval behind it.  Before reaching the Beurepaires and Swimming Pool, you can turn right into the footpath into the Baldwin Spencer Building which is where the Faculty of Architecture, Building and Planning is located. While the tall multi storey building next to it is the Psychology and Biology building which is the Redmond Barry Building. By continue walking along the path with the two buildings on the left and the construction site on the right, you will then reach the Physic buildings. If you can see the small cafe in front, take the small route out to Swanston Street, and you will see another cafe on the way out. If you turn to the right of the cafe, it will be the Ian Potter Art Museum where there are sculptures placed on the wall if you raise your head. If you continue walking down, there is a student information center if you need any inquiries. Continue walking straight downwards pass the student information  center passing the traffic lights, you will then reach the Sidney Myer Building, which is a big metallic building with rusty designed wall arts. And the tram station will be on your right side if you decide to go down to the city instead of walking all the way down the direction you're going.  If you're not clear with my directions, you can always refer to the university map. If I am not mistaken, there's one on the wall of Raymond Priestly building. 