So when you reach the University of Melbourne from Swanston St after the tram stop, the building to your left is the Sydney Meyer Asia Centre, where you can cross through to go straight in the university. However, if you walk along the right of it (where the security office will be to your right) keep going straight, you'll pass the Alice Hoy centre on your left and an old brick building to your right. If you take the path with the nice flowers tree to your right after the brick building it'll lead you to the site where the architecture building is being built. Beyond that is the David Caro complex/buildings to the right with the Ian Potter cafe and museum behind it. Straight head is Tin Alley St and the oval which is circled by the college crescent. Take Tin Alley to the left, and keep going (after the fitness centre and swimming pool on your right) until you see a tent-like shape coming out of the ground and connecting to a brick building. This is the North Court of Union House, and if you take the path to it's right (try to resist the tempting smell of the food court from inside) you will be taking a nice brick path pass the botanic buildings (on your left) and keep going straight pass the Old Arts (red and yellow brick) building on your left and the Arts centre on your left (pass the Professor's cafe, the Co-op Bookshop and the Baillieu library on your right) take the left turn pass the fancy entrance of the carpark on your left. You'll see the Crepe shop around the corner, and the building leaning behind it is one side of the John Medley buildings, which, as you will see, is connected to it's twin building several metres across. As you stand in between these buildings you will look out onto the main entrance of the University on Grattan St, you may even be able to see the Spot building. Right behind you are stairs that will lead you to what is called South Lawn, lined by a kind of moat filled with water. As you go straight you will see the quadrangle of the Arts building ahead and the clock tower to the left. Take a right turn before the quadrangle and a left turn to see the building that you may have exams in, the Redmond Barry building is just about 90 degrees to your right. And if you turn back and go down the little stairs you can go straight across the Engineering buildings to your left. When you reach the end take a right turn and you will cross the John Medley buildings on your right, keep going till you can see a large white building that is the Medical building. That's about it!