The majority of the University of Melbourne, Parkville campus is by Royal Pd in the NW side, Queensberry St in South and Swanston St in NE side. The campus is also intersected by Grattan St from Royal Pd to Swanston St.   There are few landmarks close to the campus which are useful to orient oneself in first few days. If someone comes along Grattan Street (from Swanston towards Royal Pd) towards Beretto, in the left hand side one can see University square and in the right hand side Infrastructure(IE) and Mechanical Engg department will come. Once you cross it , turn right (landmark is pedestrian signal) and enter the university. If one turns right he can  find a L-shaped road where IE department  resides on one edge and Old Engineering building on another edge which leads to the Union House  (N.B: dept of Electrical Engg is in the opposite of the Old Engineering Building) . Incase he does turn right, and keeps on going straight he can see the nice greenary and the clock tower which lead to the union house through old Arts building and Banks (nab and CB). There are few important buildings such as- Baldwin Spencer Building (Financial, Housing and other service provider), Natural philosophy , Old Physics dept, Raymond Prestley, University House fall in the buffer zone (may be within 500m-800m) of the Union House. There are lots of food stall and fun go on in Union House, a worth place to visit.   If someone comes along Swanton, he can find the Royal Dental Hospital in the left and Sydney Myer Asia Center in the right. If someone follows the road next to the Asia Center (i,e Monash Rd) he can find AMSI in his left and Richard Berry building, old geology, chemistry in the right and the Electrical Dept in the front near the car park and the auditorium hall. There is also a coffee shop in between the chemistry dept and the old engg house.The library is located along the Swanston and Grattan St.   There are some other buildings, mostly surround the University Square as well which are located discretely along Pehlam St (i,e Commerce building...which houses Baretto the famous coffee shop in its ground floor ) and Law and Business Admin in the other side of the road. 