The Parkville campus is located on the block between Royal Parade and Swanston Street, Grattan Street and Tin Alley. Get yourself to the corner of Swanston Street and Grattan Street, and then walk left up Grattan Street. You will find the 1888 building on your right hand shortly after. It's an old-looking reddish building with white trimmings. Walk to the back of the 1888 building and you will find two cafés - Lot 6 and Tsubu (good coffee to be had here!).   Continuing up the large staircase that is in front of Lot 6, you will find the ERC on your left hand. The ERC has printing facilities and computers. Continue straight ahead and pass through the double glass doors of the Alice Hoy building (it's the one that smells like basement!). Having passed through here you will find yourself on Monash Road, which is the main thoroughfare on campus. Go left on Monash Road and follow it to the end. At the end of Monash Road is Wilson Hall (large building with floor-to-ceiling glass panes) where exams, graduations and various other events are held.  Continue up the little staircase on your right hand and pass through the little plaza in front of Wilson Hall. Go through the archway on your left hand. You're now in the Old Quad courtyard. It's a beautiful space. Continue to the end of the archway and through to the courtyard. In front you is the Old Arts building. It's a beautifully restored building that has some great study spaces on the first floor.   Pass through the Old Arts building and exit the door on the opposite side. Immediately outside, look to your right - the tall building is the Babel building that, somewhat ironically, houses the languages and linguistics departments. Turn to your left and keep walking down the wide brick road; you will find the bookshop and Bailieu Library (the main library on campus) on your right hand. Continue to the end of the Bailieu Library and walk around the building, keeping to your right. Follow the "board walk" and continue up the stairs and through the sliding glass doors. Down the stairs on your left hand you will find Dr. DAX which is a great place to have a nice lunch. The large road you see outside Dr. DAX is Royal Parade, which means you have now traversed the campus.  Outside Dr. DAX is a plaza with funky white benches where one can enjoy a spot of sunshine, weather permitting. Continue through the plaza and keep to your left. Walk under the overpass, keeping to your right. You will now see the Babel building again, coming up on your left hand. Walk past it, turn left and immediately after turn right and walk along the Old Arts building. Turning to your left, walk past the NAB bank and continue straight on. The building in front of you is the Union House. If you walk through to the other side of Union House and continue across the plaza, you will find the gym and swimming pool there.  Turn right and walk along the gym, passing the college. Walk straight to the end of the street. You're now on the corner of Swanston Street and Elgin Street. If you turn right and walk down Swanston Street for a bit, you will pass the big tram stop. All trams that run on Swanston Street stop here. Pass the tram stop and walk on - the next corner you get to is Grattan and Swanston, which is where you started. 