Parkville campus is a beautifully situated Campus of the University of Melbourne with Swanston Street, Gratten Street and Royal Parade as the main reference road lines. As you enter into the campus from Gate #10 along Gratten St., for example, walk a couple of minutes straight towards North and stand in the open landscape in front of Old Arts building, you will feel that you are talking so closely with nature. Traditional brick footpath laid across a large greenland under the generally clear blue sky is a perfect place, which automatically opens your think-tank and welcomes creative ideas. Beautiful and taleneted set of people from all around the world walking around the campus and talking with each other inspires you to study well and make yourself competent and skillful. Moreover, the university environment close to Royal Parade where medical schools and brain research centers are located makes you feel so proud to be a student of this great university. As you move ahead and follow the maps and  directions that you may find here and there, and as you will encounter with such streets and footpaths including around Professor's Walk, I am sure you will believe that you are totally making a journey through some natural and cultural landscape with global tourists all around. Also, I think you will also enjoy the envioronment near Sydney Myer Asia Building, libraries nearby as well as the couryard and sports ground close to Union House. Do notice the architecture and structural forms of various buildings situated inside Parkville Campus while you make your quick visit. Particularly, you may also like to visit around 1888 Building to see the traditional building architecture and soft landscape (also the Ian Potter Museum of Arts), whereas a bit elevated open area opposite of the Gate#10 along Grateen St. to see a modern landscape and view of high-rise buildings down to the Melbourne CBD! Welcome in advance to this naturally beautiful campus of World's one of the best and oldest universities located in the world's most liveable city, Melbourne!! 