Hi Friend, the Melbourne University Campus is located less than a kilometre north of the CBD fringe, up along the main arterial Swanston Street that runs north-south along the city grid. You will not miss it, the campus is just four stops north of the Melbourne Central tram stop, on your left. Once you alight at the University tram stop you will be greeted by arguable our 'main entrance' - Monash Road. This is also the eastern end of the main campus area.  From the tram stop, take a walk down Monash Road and you will walk past the Maths department (Richard Barry building) and Old Geology on your right, and Education faculty on your left. At the end of the road you will see the Wilson Hall, which is approximately the heart of the main campus. Beyond the Wilson Hall is one of our main landmarks, South Lawn - the largest open area in the main campus. Further down west is our main library - Ballieu Library. Around the South Lawn you can also find some of the oldest buildings on the campus - Old Arts and Old Quad to name a few.  North of Wilson Hall you can find the student and recreation area where the Union House and sports precincts reside. Further north, 'wrapping' around the sports precinct are the residential colleges.  South of Wilson Hall is where all the engineering people are, with the historical red-bricked Old Engineering being the landmark of the south.  South-west of the main campus (follow the road south of Wilson Hall right to the end) you can find the Medicine precinct, including Brownless biomedical library. Melbourne University boasts one of the top medicine courses in the world!  South-east of the campus you can find student admin area and the Eastern Resource Centre (ERC) library, and one of the oldest buildings on campus, the 1888 Postgraduate building.  If you are interested in the commerce and law faculties, you will have to venture further south of the main campus beyond Grattan Street, where University Square is. Directly south of University Square is the Law Building, and west of it lies the IT building, and further west, right behind it is our newest building, The Spot, which houses the commerce faculty.  There are of course many more university buildings littered around the area and should you need a more specific location of any places, do not hesitate to contact me. Have fun!