The main part of the University of Melbourne's Parkville campus is located between Swanston Street to the east and Royal Pde to the west.  I would say that Grattan St is the south boundary of the main part, but there are faculties and individual buildings scattered between Grattan St and the city.  To the north of campus is Tinpan alley, which divides the academic part of campus from the residential colleges.  There is a vast spread of architectural styles across the campus.  I will direct you first to Union House, which is where many of the student amenities are.  If you arrive at the Swanston St tramstop (very convenient for coming from the city), you will first see the Sidney Myer Asia Centre, which has a very modern design.  There is an internal street to the right of that as you look from the tramstop (ie to the north), at the end of which you can see Wilson Hall.  If you walk along this and then turn right when you hit Wilson Hall, you will be able to see a big building which you could potentially walk through the bottom of.  Walk around this to the left and Union House will be in front of you.  In here, you will find lots of food places, the Student Union, a non-academic library and other facilities.  To the north of Union House, you can see the uni gym and beyond that the residential colleges.  One of the oldest buildings on campus is the Law Quad.  To get there from Union House, walk out of the door near the University's shop and walk straight across the courtyard, through a small passage between two buildings and then around to your left - you will see that you arrive at a sandstone building built in a quadrangle.  This used to be the law building.  If you walk through the quadrangle towards the city, you come out into a large open green space.  This is really lovely in summer and is used for lots of student events.  Walk a few metres until there is a paved path to your right.  If you walk down here to the end, you get to the Baillieu library, which is the university's biggest library.  You will pass the Old Arts building on your right, which is also a very old (and beautiful) piece of architecture.  When you hit the library, turn right and walk until you come to a building called the Babel building (a 1970s yellow brick monolith).  Turn right here, and walk through the zoology building.  Note the garden on your left before you walk through the building - there is some interesting planting with interesting planters made of concrete, which must mean something, although I have no idea what.  Once you walk through zoology (another yellow brick building) you are at the back of the music conservatorium - a building which is rounded as it shapes towards university.  If you walk around this and turn left, you walk past the Dax Centre, where there is a cafe if you want a drink (although I suggest you keep going south to Seven Seeds) and a Readings shop.  You could either go to the corner of Royal Pde and Grattan St, just ahead, and jump on the tram back into the city, or you could walk - it's not very far.