	5/20/2013 14:59:10	Imagine a rectangle (vertical length, horizontal width). On the lower left coner of the rectangle would mainly be populated with life sciences departments. On the lower right coner of the rectangle, you would find most engineering and IT departments. The center of the rectangle would be the south lawn (a huge lawn). A bit above the center, you would find Arts and student union.  Add a semi circle on top of the rectangle. That would be all the athletic tracks and sports field.  Add a small rectangle below the initial rectangle. The shared edge is a section of Grattan St that ran across the campus. That small rectangle is where you would find law, and commerce departments. 	5/20/2013 17:12:16	The Parkville Campus main entrance is along Grattan Street and you will see the entrance which is across the road of  a concrete lawn with two lift with Melbourne University banners on it. If you walk into the entrance, you will see a building will the Welcome banner with it and if you continue walking straight up the stairs, you will see the university lawn.  On the lawn, the Old Quad which is just straight up while the Bailieu Library and Co-Op bookshop will be on the left hand side of the lawn (where there is a path that leads to it). If you go into the Old Quad, you will reach a square courtyard and at the back of the courtyard. You can either turn left to go to the Arts Faculty Building, or turn right into the John Medley Building and Wilson Hall. Raymond Priestly Building is the open aired ground area which is in front of Wilson Hall that is adjacent to it. Towards North, which is when you turn left when exiting the Old Quad, you will see Union House where there are shops selling foods. If you continue walk along the road on the right side where you're facing Union House, you can see see the Beurepaire and Swimming Pool. There will also be a sport tracks and university oval behind it.  Before reaching the Beurepaires and Swimming Pool, you can turn right into the footpath into the Baldwin Spencer Building which is where the Faculty of Architecture, Building and Planning is located. While the tall multi storey building next to it is the Psychology and Biology building which is the Redmond Barry Building. By continue walking along the path with the two buildings on the left and the construction site on the right, you will then reach the Physic buildings. If you can see the small cafe in front, take the small route out to Swanston Street, and you will see another cafe on the way out. If you turn to the right of the cafe, it will be the Ian Potter Art Museum where there are sculptures placed on the wall if you raise your head. If you continue walking down, there is a student information center if you need any inquiries. Continue walking straight downwards pass the student information  center passing the traffic lights, you will then reach the Sidney Myer Building, which is a big metallic building with rusty designed wall arts. And the tram station will be on your right side if you decide to go down to the city instead of walking all the way down the direction you're going.  If you're not clear with my directions, you can always refer to the university map. If I am not mistaken, there's one on the wall of Raymond Priestly building. 	5/20/2013 18:04:16	the parkvile campus of melbourne uni is a sequare, the southern road is garttan rd, northern road is tin alley, swanston st is at east side, and royal parade is at west. i suppose that you are interesting in engineering faculty, which locates at the south east part of the campus. there are several buildings along with grattan rd, and also the engineering student center which you might wanna pay a visit locates at the same area (south-east part) as well. 	5/20/2013 19:39:52	The Parkville Melbourne Uni campus is located just north of the city, with the buildings mainly concentrated between Royal Parade and Swanston Street, and Grattan St and Tin Alley. The engineering buildings are largely along Grattan St near South Lawn.  Union house (full of food outlets) is located towards the centre of the campus, next to the old arts building. The main entry is in front of the tram super stop on Swanston St. Essentially the main campus shape looks like a square with a semi-circle attached to the top. Beyond tin alley is mainly uni colleges. South of Grattan Street is University Square, which leads down to the Law Building (very tall) and the Spot (named for its facade). It is a large sprawling campus that many people get lost in at first!	5/20/2013 21:00:38	Take any tram going up Swanston St and get off at the Melbourne University stop (it's the one on the right side of the tram, rather than the left). Cross over to the left side of the road and walk down that road in to the campus. At the end of the road turn diagonally right, and walk up the steps. Behind you to your left is Wilson Hall, the old building in front of you to the left is the Old Quad (oldest building on campus) and the orange brick building you see on the other side of the courtyard (or by looking under the arches of the building in front of you) is Union House. This has all of the food shops in it!   Further north of Union House is the oval and the arc of Colleges, but you don't really need to look at them.   The main grassed area is South Lawn, which is just the other side of the row of buildings you just walked past - the Old Quad, Wilson Hall and the others in line with them. You can think of it as South Lawn surrounded by a layer of buildings. You can walk through any of these buildings except Wilson Hall, or follow the rabbit-warren lanes in between the buildings. Just keep walking vaguely south from Union House through the layer of buildings and you'll get there.  From South Lawn if you walk to the exit off to the right you'll come out right in front of the main library, the Baillieu. If instead you walk straight across South Lawn to the southern exit you'll come out right in front of the main Grattan St exit. To your left as you leave South Lawn are the engineering buildings. Anyway, across the other side of Grattan St is University Square with the Law building at the end of the park. Instead of crossing, turn left and walk back to Swanston St. On your left you'll see the really pretty 1888 building.   From the intersection with Swanston St turn left again and head back to the tram stop to go home.	5/21/2013 16:01:22	The campus has a tram line running across on Swanton Street and it is close to Melbourne Women Hospital and a KFC. The campus also has a big University Square on Gattan Street which is opposite of Engineering Building Blocks.	5/21/2013 17:02:20	I will suggest my friend to take the tram to the University of Melbourne. The start could be set in the tram stop of Finders Street Station or Melbourne Central Station on Swanston Street. Take any tram along the Swanston Street to the north, it will be easy to find the campus by the buildings with marks of the University of Melbourne. After arriving, I will suggest him or she to take a look at the department and the historical buildings in the campus. Take a walk on South Lawn then have a meal in Union house or Lygon Street.  	5/21/2013 17:28:57	You can enter the main campus by different gates along Royal Parade, Swanston and Grattan Streets. The main entrance is in Grattan street opposite to a square called 'University Square'. You will recognize the main entrance because it's the wider one. From there you could see the 'Welcome to the University of Melbourne' sign to the north, and a view of the CBD to the south.  Once there (facing the 'Welcome'), the buildings on your right are part of the School of Engineering (a building with outdoor stairs, and a red building called 'Old Engineering').  Keep walking straight ahead towards the 'Welcome' sign and go up stairs to find a beautiful landscape with lawns and a 1800 styled building with a tower (Old Arts). When you reach the center of the square there are three paths to choose: -The left path takes you to the Baillieu library, the schools of Arts, Zoology and Botany. If you keep going left behind the library you can find the way to Medicine School and Royal Parade. The main entrance to Medicine is in Grattan Street close to Royal Parade.  -The path in the middle takes you to the Old Arts building and a beautiful old style corridor with an inner camellias' garden, and, beyond that, the Union House. Then you can go through the Union House, keep going north and get to the sporting complex, with a swimming pool, gym and sport fields. Otherwise, you can turn right and get to a small square surrounded by the Administration, Commerce and Student services buildings.  -The path to the right directs to more engineering buildings (electrical and metallurgic, and Old Engineering building again). If you keep walking in that direction, you'll find ERC library (but to find the main entrance you have to find the opposite face of the building). Keep walking in that direction will take you to Swanston street.  Other schools and University units (for example Law) are located around the University Square that I pointed in the first paragraph.      	5/21/2013 17:52:12	dear friend here is where you will go for your enrolment. when you are coming via swanston street stop at melbourne university tram station. cross to the east side, you will see sydney myer bldg and a small gatehouse. walk on the road(monash rd) for about 100m past alice hoy bldg to the left then at the end go left and straight to a 4 level stair then go right to a small alley way. at your left you will see the eng'g workshop bldg, and in front is a signpost to mechanical eng'g. go in that alley and about 10m to your right is a path for disabled persons, walk that way and you will be at the back door of the eng'g student center. there is where you can inquire about anything including obtaining a campus map. 	5/22/2013 11:37:41	There are several entrances that can access the main campus of Melbourne Uni. The easiest way is to jump on the tram on Swanstone Street and then get off at the terminal station. The Main campus lies on the left hand side. The first modern building you will see is the Sydney Myer Center and there is a main road and entrance just beside the Center. Go along the main road, it will lead you to the Wilson Hall at the end of the road. If you turn right, climb up the stairs and follow the path, it will lead you to Union House where you can find restaurants and uni clubs. If you turn left and then climb up those tiny stairs, it will lead you to the southern lawn where some uni activities may take place there. If you keep going straight and walk down the stairs, it will lead you to the main library of uni. Beside the library is the co-op bookstore where you can buy your textbook.	5/22/2013 15:40:10	Hi Friend, the Melbourne University Campus is located less than a kilometre north of the CBD fringe, up along the main arterial Swanston Street that runs north-south along the city grid. You will not miss it, the campus is just four stops north of the Melbourne Central tram stop, on your left. Once you alight at the University tram stop you will be greeted by arguable our 'main entrance' - Monash Road. This is also the eastern end of the main campus area.  From the tram stop, take a walk down Monash Road and you will walk past the Maths department (Richard Barry building) and Old Geology on your right, and Education faculty on your left. At the end of the road you will see the Wilson Hall, which is approximately the heart of the main campus. Beyond the Wilson Hall is one of our main landmarks, South Lawn - the largest open area in the main campus. Further down west is our main library - Ballieu Library. Around the South Lawn you can also find some of the oldest buildings on the campus - Old Arts and Old Quad to name a few.  North of Wilson Hall you can find the student and recreation area where the Union House and sports precincts reside. Further north, 'wrapping' around the sports precinct are the residential colleges.  South of Wilson Hall is where all the engineering people are, with the historical red-bricked Old Engineering being the landmark of the south.  South-west of the main campus (follow the road south of Wilson Hall right to the end) you can find the Medicine precinct, including Brownless biomedical library. Melbourne University boasts one of the top medicine courses in the world!  South-east of the campus you can find student admin area and the Eastern Resource Centre (ERC) library, and one of the oldest buildings on campus, the 1888 Postgraduate building.  If you are interested in the commerce and law faculties, you will have to venture further south of the main campus beyond Grattan Street, where University Square is. Directly south of University Square is the Law Building, and west of it lies the IT building, and further west, right behind it is our newest building, The Spot, which houses the commerce faculty.  There are of course many more university buildings littered around the area and should you need a more specific location of any places, do not hesitate to contact me. Have fun!	5/22/2013 20:52:46	Dear friend, On the Parkville campus, I and many other people will make their way into the Univiserity via swanston street. generally I enter through the monash road entrance. For classes, we have lots of large buildings so finding your way around can be daunting at first as there are so many small pathways and oddly shaped buildings to navigate your way through. On the plus side there are many gardens to sit and relax in like the system gardens which is away from the crowds of people walking about towards royal parade. On the other hand there is the south lawn which is right in the centre of everything and were most people seem to be. The union house where you can get your food is conveniently just next door to this, after walking through the old arts building which is where many of the lecture are held. the layout at first is hard to internalise to know where you are going but given you will spend a lot of time walking to each class, the landmark buildings and gardens become clues to where you are heading. 	5/22/2013 22:43:12	There are various entrances to the campus and each entrance will lead you to a different side of the campus and thus a different life in that area. When walking north, do not pass the union house because located behind are the colleges and sports tracks. The west side of the campus holds the library and arts west plus various other buildings. Crossing the lawn you'll meet the east side of the campus which holds Alice Hoy and Sidney Myer Asia Centre, conveniently located along Swanston St; the easiest route to the campus. Buildings and landscapes across the campus are inspired by the British at a time of European settlement, there is a traditional laying out of structures which sends through a conservative feel to the campus, especially with structures close Grattan St, south of the campus. 	5/23/2013 0:11:20	The campus to start off is quite confusing but the major reference point you have to remember is south lawn which is situated in about the middle of the campus. To the west of this you have the Baillieu Library, to the north the old quad (really old english style building), to the east a big hall and to the south is grattan street. Swanston st borders the east side of the campus and is where the main tram stop is. If you want food and are currently on South Lawn go trough the old quad to the north, and keeping heading north until you get to a union house. The medical building is at the south west corner and engineering south east. 	5/23/2013 14:12:19	The Parkville campus is made up of two sections, a part at the south containing the law, commerce and business buildings; this is near the Haymarket roundabout, and separated by a distance of around a hundred metres to the main section of the Parkville campus. This main part is bounded by Grattan st to the south, Swanston to the east, Elizabeth to the west and the university colleges to the north. Starting from the east at Swanston st is the main tram stop. Heading further west are the physics and mathematics (richard berry) buildings to the north, Sydney myer asia centre towards the middle, and other arts buildings. Further west, from the north, are the science (chemistry, biology) faculty buildings and to the south are the engineering faculty buildings. Towards the middle of the campus are the more general buildings, including the union house, student administration and a number of arts buildings. South of this is South lawn, and to the west of the lawns are the Baillieu and medical libraries. On the western end of the campus exist the health/biological and food sciences buildings, with the Botany building at the north, biology and immunology buildings towards the middle and the main medical building at the south western corner of the campus.	5/23/2013 16:30:41	Melbourne University is not a big university. You can start your visit at the gate which is John Medley building and you will see WELCOME at the bridge above your horizon. Pass the gate you will see Southern Lawn which is place that students always hang out and I think it it also a awarded design. Keep walking you will see some old buildings, you should spend some time there taking some pictures. Then you will reach the central of the campus, union house. You may wander around but I think there's nothing interesting at all. However, I suggest you to go to Royal Parade via Tin Aly and start to have a tutor along the colleges. These colleges are old and have their own features. When you finish walking you will find the tram station on Swanston where you can catch a tram and go back.	5/24/2013 9:37:21	The campus is an open space, slightly north of the CBD with a varying type of buildings ranging from old sandstone to modern state of the art buildings. There are a range of lawns and gardens spread through the campus with a varying demographic of student. There are building sites clustered throughout the campus. The campus differs from its surrounds as a low density pocket within an extremely high density area.  	5/24/2013 9:48:12	Now if you are standing at the entrence opposite to the tram station, in your left hand side is Sydeny Myer Asian Centre, you can walk in with the crowds, after you pass Alice Hoy, you could turn left and go to the ERC library and Frank tate Learning resource centre. in your right hand side, you propbabaly could get access to the Redmond Barry bulding and the construction site of the new Architeture building. at the end of the Monash road, it is Wilson hall, you have two choices, turn right to the union house, the Old Arts building and the playground, turn left to the engineering building and the gate 10 where the law building and commerce building in the opposite of the the gate 10. If you get through the Wilson hall by the wilson road, you are able to have a whole view of the sourth lawn. If you go straight through the sourth lawn you will see the Baillium libaray an the newly built Art West building on the right hand side. Turn left, you have two paths to go, the left one is a narrow path to the gate 10, the right one is to the Medical builing.  hope you can find you way.  	5/25/2013 10:44:51	Overall the Parkville campus can be divided into two blocks separated by Grattan St with a sports oval, sports track, gym and swimming pool inside a sports centre further to the north of the two blocks.  Starting from the north in a clockwise direction (just south of sports center), we have the union house which is the main food court and activities building. We also have the psychology in the Redmond Barry building. To the north east, we have physics, Maths and then a large engineering block to the east.  South of the Grattan St, we have various Colleges, security offices, to the south east, to the south we have the law building and the university square, we got the business and IT block to the southwest and then we are back to the north side of Grattan St to the Western side which is the bio and medicine block. We then reach the main library which is the Bailleau library. We also have the botany and zoology and then arts like music, philosophy and languages to the north west.  Lastly, we have the administration in the center.	5/26/2013 13:39:56	the university campus is restricted in a rectangle shape by four main roads, however, some buildings extend over this boundary. Inside these boundaries there are many smaller roads and pathways which can become quite confusing without a map as guidance, there is no straightforward grid type layout. if you are looking for a specific building it will be necessary to have a map or the 'lost on campus' app on your phone, as there aren't very many signs to guide you to your building.	5/26/2013 23:47:57	So when you reach the University of Melbourne from Swanston St after the tram stop, the building to your left is the Sydney Meyer Asia Centre, where you can cross through to go straight in the university. However, if you walk along the right of it (where the security office will be to your right) keep going straight, you'll pass the Alice Hoy centre on your left and an old brick building to your right. If you take the path with the nice flowers tree to your right after the brick building it'll lead you to the site where the architecture building is being built. Beyond that is the David Caro complex/buildings to the right with the Ian Potter cafe and museum behind it. Straight head is Tin Alley St and the oval which is circled by the college crescent. Take Tin Alley to the left, and keep going (after the fitness centre and swimming pool on your right) until you see a tent-like shape coming out of the ground and connecting to a brick building. This is the North Court of Union House, and if you take the path to it's right (try to resist the tempting smell of the food court from inside) you will be taking a nice brick path pass the botanic buildings (on your left) and keep going straight pass the Old Arts (red and yellow brick) building on your left and the Arts centre on your left (pass the Professor's cafe, the Co-op Bookshop and the Baillieu library on your right) take the left turn pass the fancy entrance of the carpark on your left. You'll see the Crepe shop around the corner, and the building leaning behind it is one side of the John Medley buildings, which, as you will see, is connected to it's twin building several metres across. As you stand in between these buildings you will look out onto the main entrance of the University on Grattan St, you may even be able to see the Spot building. Right behind you are stairs that will lead you to what is called South Lawn, lined by a kind of moat filled with water. As you go straight you will see the quadrangle of the Arts building ahead and the clock tower to the left. Take a right turn before the quadrangle and a left turn to see the building that you may have exams in, the Redmond Barry building is just about 90 degrees to your right. And if you turn back and go down the little stairs you can go straight across the Engineering buildings to your left. When you reach the end take a right turn and you will cross the John Medley buildings on your right, keep going till you can see a large white building that is the Medical building. That's about it!	5/26/2013 23:49:23	So when you reach the University of Melbourne from Swanston St after the tram stop, the building to your left is the Sydney Meyer Asia Centre, where you can cross through to go straight in the university. However, if you walk along the right of it (where the security office will be to your right) keep going straight, you'll pass the Alice Hoy centre on your left and an old brick building to your right. If you take the path with the nice flowers tree to your right after the brick building it'll lead you to the site where the architecture building is being built. Beyond that is the David Caro complex/buildings to the right with the Ian Potter cafe and museum behind it. Straight head is Tin Alley St and the oval which is circled by the college crescent. Take Tin Alley to the left, and keep going (after the fitness centre and swimming pool on your right) until you see a tent-like shape coming out of the ground and connecting to a brick building. This is the North Court of Union House, and if you take the path to it's right (try to resist the tempting smell of the food court from inside) you will be taking a nice brick path pass the botanic buildings (on your left) and keep going straight pass the Old Arts (red and yellow brick) building on your left and the Arts centre on your left (pass the Professor's cafe, the Co-op Bookshop and the Baillieu library on your right) take the left turn pass the fancy entrance of the carpark on your left. You'll see the Crepe shop around the corner, and the building leaning behind it is one side of the John Medley buildings, which, as you will see, is connected to it's twin building several metres across. As you stand in between these buildings you will look out onto the main entrance of the University on Grattan St, you may even be able to see the Spot building. Right behind you are stairs that will lead you to what is called South Lawn, lined by a kind of moat filled with water. As you go straight you will see the quadrangle of the Arts building ahead and the clock tower to the left. Take a right turn before the quadrangle and a left turn to see the building that you may have exams in, the Redmond Barry building is just about 90 degrees to your right. And if you turn back and go down the little stairs you can go straight across the Engineering buildings to your left. When you reach the end take a right turn and you will cross the John Medley buildings on your right, keep going till you can see a large white building that is the Medical building. That's about it!	6/7/2013 15:06:15	If you walk down Monash Rd. from Swanston street you have the Sydney Myer Asia Centre on your left and the Future Students Information Centre on your right. At the end of Monash Rd. you can either turn left (and end up at a great coffee place), right (to go to the Union Building) or up the stairs straight ahead to get to the South Lawn. If you cross the South Lawn you'll end up at the Baillieu Library and the Coop Bookstore. If you then go right and walk past the Professor's Court, the Babel Building and Botany, you will end up at the university house. If you turn left before Babel and follow the road you will find two more cafes. If you turn right before Babel and walk past the Old Arts Building and through the Old Quadrangle, and then turn left you will be back almost in front of the Union Building. 	6/14/2013 10:52:49	The campus stretches between Royal Parade and Swanston Street, so if you have arrived on the tram on the Royal Parade side, get off when you see the Kenneth Myer Centre on your right. You'll see the café at the front of the building. There's a path that runs on the left of the building. That leads to an intersection, and if you veer left, there's then a door on your right to the very modern Arts West building. Once you are through the door you can go downstairs (toilets etc) or up and through more glass doors to yet another (tiny) café on your right, and straight ahead across the path is the Old Arts building. That houses the Graduate School of Humanities and Social Sciences, and besides lecture theatres and teaching spaces, there are some administration counters where students can get advice about enrolment or fees. If you head straight through that building, come out the other side and head left, you’ll see the arches of the Old Quad on your right. Go through that to the other side, then outside, veer right and down the steps, then left onto an internal road called Monash Road. That takes you between buildings (Maths, and I think Optometry) on your right, near Swanston Street) To the right of the Arts West and down the path and then on your right again is the Baillieu Library, which is just past the university bookshop. If you take the steps to your left instead of going into the library, that will take you up to a wide, grassy lawn. There are seats under trees to your left. If you head along the path, on your right you'll see another path that runs in front of other buildings (mostly sciences and engineering buildings) that leads to Gratton Street. If you go left instead, just behind the Old Arts, you’ll see the Old Quad, like the Old Arts, made of heavy, grey stone and in a traditional Oxford/Cambridge style of architecture. Beyond that is the Student Services building where there are some shops, notice boards for buying/selling books etc.  and there is a student advice counter. If you don't go right after the Arts West, head left, then past another building, you'll see the Linguistics and Languages building. It's older, yellow brick, and it's built side-on. If you carry on following round the path to your right on Tin Alley, then right again, you will end up again at the Student Centre. Tin Alley leads on to Swanston Street. 	6/21/2013 18:37:16	The majority of the University of Melbourne, Parkville campus is by Royal Pd in the NW side, Queensberry St in South and Swanston St in NE side. The campus is also intersected by Grattan St from Royal Pd to Swanston St.   There are few landmarks close to the campus which are useful to orient oneself in first few days. If someone comes along Grattan Street (from Swanston towards Royal Pd) towards Beretto, in the left hand side one can see University square and in the right hand side Infrastructure(IE) and Mechanical Engg department will come. Once you cross it , turn right (landmark is pedestrian signal) and enter the university. If one turns right he can  find a L-shaped road where IE department  resides on one edge and Old Engineering building on another edge which leads to the Union House  (N.B: dept of Electrical Engg is in the opposite of the Old Engineering Building) . Incase he does turn right, and keeps on going straight he can see the nice greenary and the clock tower which lead to the union house through old Arts building and Banks (nab and CB). There are few important buildings such as- Baldwin Spencer Building (Financial, Housing and other service provider), Natural philosophy , Old Physics dept, Raymond Prestley, University House fall in the buffer zone (may be within 500m-800m) of the Union House. There are lots of food stall and fun go on in Union House, a worth place to visit.   If someone comes along Swanton, he can find the Royal Dental Hospital in the left and Sydney Myer Asia Center in the right. If someone follows the road next to the Asia Center (i,e Monash Rd) he can find AMSI in his left and Richard Berry building, old geology, chemistry in the right and the Electrical Dept in the front near the car park and the auditorium hall. There is also a coffee shop in between the chemistry dept and the old engg house.The library is located along the Swanston and Grattan St.   There are some other buildings, mostly surround the University Square as well which are located discretely along Pehlam St (i,e Commerce building...which houses Baretto the famous coffee shop in its ground floor ) and Law and Business Admin in the other side of the road. 	6/21/2013 20:17:23	Parkville campus is a beautifully situated Campus of the University of Melbourne with Swanston Street, Gratten Street and Royal Parade as the main reference road lines. As you enter into the campus from Gate #10 along Gratten St., for example, walk a couple of minutes straight towards North and stand in the open landscape in front of Old Arts building, you will feel that you are talking so closely with nature. Traditional brick footpath laid across a large greenland under the generally clear blue sky is a perfect place, which automatically opens your think-tank and welcomes creative ideas. Beautiful and taleneted set of people from all around the world walking around the campus and talking with each other inspires you to study well and make yourself competent and skillful. Moreover, the university environment close to Royal Parade where medical schools and brain research centers are located makes you feel so proud to be a student of this great university. As you move ahead and follow the maps and  directions that you may find here and there, and as you will encounter with such streets and footpaths including around Professor's Walk, I am sure you will believe that you are totally making a journey through some natural and cultural landscape with global tourists all around. Also, I think you will also enjoy the envioronment near Sydney Myer Asia Building, libraries nearby as well as the couryard and sports ground close to Union House. Do notice the architecture and structural forms of various buildings situated inside Parkville Campus while you make your quick visit. Particularly, you may also like to visit around 1888 Building to see the traditional building architecture and soft landscape (also the Ian Potter Museum of Arts), whereas a bit elevated open area opposite of the Gate#10 along Grateen St. to see a modern landscape and view of high-rise buildings down to the Melbourne CBD! Welcome in advance to this naturally beautiful campus of World's one of the best and oldest universities located in the world's most liveable city, Melbourne!! 	6/22/2013 17:18:50	The university of melbourne parkville campus is the best experiece for anyone. If my friend visits it on weekend then there absolutely brilliant security available in the campus as it will provide all the help to get his tasks done. The maps on the roads will lead him to required place. Internet is available in IT labs in each department. 24 hours security people are available to let the student have access to required places.	6/23/2013 10:46:13	The university has several gates. We can meet at Gate 10 along Grattan Street.	6/24/2013 9:55:14	It's pretty big, and the buildings are a bit haphazard in their placement. As you come up Swanston St, the ugly block on the corner is the Arts Centre. If you walk down past it- along grattan st if you don't want to get lost, in between the buildings for the scenic route, with a good coffee stop along the way- there is the 1888 building, which is pretty. Then various engineering buildings, then the two towers of the John Medley building. It's always windy there, but up the stairs is South Lawn, which is nice, and from there you'll see the Old Quad. Classics is in there. It's beautiful when the flowers are out. A mecca for wedding photos. Behind that is union house, with all of its amenities and uninspiring food. The architecture building was where there's now that big construction site. That path from Swanston street used to be really nice, actually. There are various other buildings around there- the old towering one that i think is the psychology building? On the other side of union house is the athletics area- running track, gym- and beyond that, the colleges. Walking down alongside all of that, there's the university club, then along Professor's Walk, botany, linguistics, Old Arts, economics, and the less-than beautiful building at the end there is the main library, the Baillieu. Check out the carpark entrance near there though- awesome faux classical statues. Behind that row of buildings are places like the music faculty, and the brain institute.	6/25/2013 12:06:28	There are several gates around the campus to enter. As far as I know near each gate there is a map with description so that you can easily find the buildings and where you are located. If you divide the campus in four blocks, the Engineering buildings are mostly located in the bottom right block. The union house which is located in North part of the campus, beside the sport centre provide you the maps and people there will help you to find the places. 	6/25/2013 12:11:35	It's very easy to go around the campus since university's map is all around and you can see it everywhere. Just some quick places worth visiting. First, it is Union house which located at the center of Parkville campus. Second, 1888 building which close to Grattan street on gate 8. Trinity college is a worth visiting place too. Just pass the sport center.	6/25/2013 12:23:27	The campus is largely centered by South Lawn.You can see a yellow colour clock tower on one corner of the South Lawn. The clock tower is connected with an ancient building called Old Quad. On the opposite of side Old Quade, you will see a two-connected buildings called John Mendeley Building. It usually hangs some university posters. If you walk from John Mendeley building to Old Quad along the side lane of South Lawn. You will see a fifth-level Baillieu library with lots of windows lies on your left hand side. On your right hand side, there are two buildings separated by a walking lane. The one close to John Mendeley building is call IEEE building with modern-style architecture. The other one close to Old Quad is called Wilson Hall with beautiful sculptures insides. If you walk across the Old Quad, you will see a four-level building with many food merchants. That place is called Student Union, where many students and staffs have formal lunch and snacks. There are many in campus maps in the Uni, once you identified the South Lawn, it won't be difficult for you to find out other places.	6/26/2013 13:40:22	The Melbourne University Campus is laid out in an appealing manner with easy access to all academic facilities. Old meet new in a fascinating way when buildings stemming as far back as the year 1888 meet new architecture that reflect the more modern and global times we live in. The campus stretches over a substantially large area and the different parts of these premises tend to be connected by way of extensive green spaces and appealing passageways such as the one that connects the Baillieu Library area with the buildings related to the Physics precinct. Sprinkled across the campus are small coffee shops and coffee carts that attract students in need of a well-deserved break.	6/26/2013 14:21:09	The campus stretches along three major roads - swanston street in the East, Grattan street South and Royal parade in the West. The campus is on a rectangular block and consist of many different buildings, connected by stairs and walkways.  So entering the campus from the main entrance on Grattan street - opposite of the main entrance are also the newer buildings of Melbourne Uni (the Business and Law School, as well as the faculty of commerce) - the visitor first needs to climb stairs to get onto south lawn and on top of the carpark. Now walking towards the old Arts buildings, the medical school and Baileu library is on the left, the geography and architecture buildings on the left. Reaching the Old Quad, you enter the most beautiful and oldest part of the campus. Unfortunately it is not very big and soon the visitor passes University house and is again surrounded by yellow brick 70s buildings. Ahead now are the sports facilities of University. 	6/26/2013 16:27:57	The campus is located in the area north of Grattan St and between Swanston St and Royal parade (the extension of Elizabeth st).  The campus is a collection of many buildings of differing styles  constructed over the last 150 years.  Only a few are more than 8 stories high.  There are few open spaces on the campus (except on and around the sports ovals at the north end of the campus). However, there is one large lawn area about two hundred meters north of the main Grattan st entrance.  This serves as  useful central focus point for the campus.  [I would draw a map]	6/26/2013 18:14:06	The Parkville campus is located on the block between Royal Parade and Swanston Street, Grattan Street and Tin Alley. Get yourself to the corner of Swanston Street and Grattan Street, and then walk left up Grattan Street. You will find the 1888 building on your right hand shortly after. It's an old-looking reddish building with white trimmings. Walk to the back of the 1888 building and you will find two cafés - Lot 6 and Tsubu (good coffee to be had here!).   Continuing up the large staircase that is in front of Lot 6, you will find the ERC on your left hand. The ERC has printing facilities and computers. Continue straight ahead and pass through the double glass doors of the Alice Hoy building (it's the one that smells like basement!). Having passed through here you will find yourself on Monash Road, which is the main thoroughfare on campus. Go left on Monash Road and follow it to the end. At the end of Monash Road is Wilson Hall (large building with floor-to-ceiling glass panes) where exams, graduations and various other events are held.  Continue up the little staircase on your right hand and pass through the little plaza in front of Wilson Hall. Go through the archway on your left hand. You're now in the Old Quad courtyard. It's a beautiful space. Continue to the end of the archway and through to the courtyard. In front you is the Old Arts building. It's a beautifully restored building that has some great study spaces on the first floor.   Pass through the Old Arts building and exit the door on the opposite side. Immediately outside, look to your right - the tall building is the Babel building that, somewhat ironically, houses the languages and linguistics departments. Turn to your left and keep walking down the wide brick road; you will find the bookshop and Bailieu Library (the main library on campus) on your right hand. Continue to the end of the Bailieu Library and walk around the building, keeping to your right. Follow the "board walk" and continue up the stairs and through the sliding glass doors. Down the stairs on your left hand you will find Dr. DAX which is a great place to have a nice lunch. The large road you see outside Dr. DAX is Royal Parade, which means you have now traversed the campus.  Outside Dr. DAX is a plaza with funky white benches where one can enjoy a spot of sunshine, weather permitting. Continue through the plaza and keep to your left. Walk under the overpass, keeping to your right. You will now see the Babel building again, coming up on your left hand. Walk past it, turn left and immediately after turn right and walk along the Old Arts building. Turning to your left, walk past the NAB bank and continue straight on. The building in front of you is the Union House. If you walk through to the other side of Union House and continue across the plaza, you will find the gym and swimming pool there.  Turn right and walk along the gym, passing the college. Walk straight to the end of the street. You're now on the corner of Swanston Street and Elgin Street. If you turn right and walk down Swanston Street for a bit, you will pass the big tram stop. All trams that run on Swanston Street stop here. Pass the tram stop and walk on - the next corner you get to is Grattan and Swanston, which is where you started. 	6/26/2013 18:19:44	The main part of the University of Melbourne's Parkville campus is located between Swanston Street to the east and Royal Pde to the west.  I would say that Grattan St is the south boundary of the main part, but there are faculties and individual buildings scattered between Grattan St and the city.  To the north of campus is Tinpan alley, which divides the academic part of campus from the residential colleges.  There is a vast spread of architectural styles across the campus.  I will direct you first to Union House, which is where many of the student amenities are.  If you arrive at the Swanston St tramstop (very convenient for coming from the city), you will first see the Sidney Myer Asia Centre, which has a very modern design.  There is an internal street to the right of that as you look from the tramstop (ie to the north), at the end of which you can see Wilson Hall.  If you walk along this and then turn right when you hit Wilson Hall, you will be able to see a big building which you could potentially walk through the bottom of.  Walk around this to the left and Union House will be in front of you.  In here, you will find lots of food places, the Student Union, a non-academic library and other facilities.  To the north of Union House, you can see the uni gym and beyond that the residential colleges.  One of the oldest buildings on campus is the Law Quad.  To get there from Union House, walk out of the door near the University's shop and walk straight across the courtyard, through a small passage between two buildings and then around to your left - you will see that you arrive at a sandstone building built in a quadrangle.  This used to be the law building.  If you walk through the quadrangle towards the city, you come out into a large open green space.  This is really lovely in summer and is used for lots of student events.  Walk a few metres until there is a paved path to your right.  If you walk down here to the end, you get to the Baillieu library, which is the university's biggest library.  You will pass the Old Arts building on your right, which is also a very old (and beautiful) piece of architecture.  When you hit the library, turn right and walk until you come to a building called the Babel building (a 1970s yellow brick monolith).  Turn right here, and walk through the zoology building.  Note the garden on your left before you walk through the building - there is some interesting planting with interesting planters made of concrete, which must mean something, although I have no idea what.  Once you walk through zoology (another yellow brick building) you are at the back of the music conservatorium - a building which is rounded as it shapes towards university.  If you walk around this and turn left, you walk past the Dax Centre, where there is a cafe if you want a drink (although I suggest you keep going south to Seven Seeds) and a Readings shop.  You could either go to the corner of Royal Pde and Grattan St, just ahead, and jump on the tram back into the city, or you could walk - it's not very far.	6/28/2013 1:41:20	The universuty is so large and has many buildings. At first, if you get off at the tram stop 1 on Swanston street, you can see the main gate of the university. And then go straight along the road. When you see a building at the end of the road, turn to the right and you can see union house where there are a few restaurants and facilities. Also go straight along the way and then you can see playground for basketball, track, and gym including swimming pool.  In the middle of the uni there is big grass where you can take a rest and chat with. It was surrounded by library and other buildings.		
