Hi Sue. The campus is a beautiful place, with central buildings copying the sandstone architecture of the archetypes of Oxford and Cambridge.  Around these central buildings there are more modern buildings, of course, some convincing, some boring. 
Next to the sandstone core is Wilson Hall, a multi-function hall from the 50ies – for traditionalists controversial because the predecessor looked also like Oxford and this one doesn’t. 
Opposite of the entrance of Wilson Hall is the University’s administration building, with the Vice Chancellor’s office somewhere in it. This building as so little face that it has abstained from having a ground floor at all. 
Behind that building is the Student Union to your left, and across a place the gymnasium and pool. To the right one building (the School of Architecture) is taken down, just to be replaced by a similar looking new building, designed by people from this School, who won an “international architecture competition”. The student union is an interesting place with shops and many eateries. Also the student clubs have their home here. 
Behind the School of Architecture, or what currently has been left of it, are the Psychology and Physics buildings. As the buildings furthest north on campus, the offices at their higher levels have beautiful views to the Northern suburbs of Melbourne.
To the southeast of the sandstone core we find the Engineering precinct. Stories go that these buildings will be taken down next, except Old Engineering (now housing the Dean’s office) because it is now heritage protected. 
To the southwest of the sandstone core the medicine precinct starts – and extends opposite of Royal Park into the Royal Melbourne Hospitals, and in future the Comprehensive Cancer Centre (currently a construction site). A more convincing building among the recent additions is the new Brain Centre, on campus and facing Royal Parade – at the back of the library, which you would see from the sandstone buildings. 
If Grattan St forms the southern border of the campus, then the university has grown out of their traditional boundaries. Around South Lawn you would see (from left to right) Graduate House, the Melbourne Business School, Law, Economics, and the Alan Gilbert Building (research administration).
There is also discussion to take over the old Royal Woman’s Hospital, an empty building opposite of the campus in the East. Since this would form an expansion into another suburb, the project has been dubbed Carlton Connect (the campus is in Parkville). Between this building and the campus, on Swanston St, is the major public transport hub for the University. All trams are going down to the city, but the city is also so close, it’s just walking distance.
